If you dont remember what im talking bout in ``Apr3-25.txt``, this entry will give ya some hint.

---

Alright, April 4, 2025 (Friday)

Today's the day our groupmates defend our research report in English. Those who didn't do much (idk whats a better word to put it) were the ones our leader assigned. ig you already know who it is LoL.

Hours before it, most of us are preparing (coz there no class, theres no teacher checking on us LoL). They prepare the script, possible questions and also what are the good answers. While im helping the others, i heard my name from 4 rows away. its the 2nd time i hear my name from someone that involves the same person. first is yesterday before goin home, at the hall-fckin-way. (not in a violent way tho)

We're G1 but Sir Jerold (first first name mentioned lol) reversed the order so we turned out to be the last to present. As for the other groups, there were some blunders but i aint gonna specify em (privacy lol)

While others were presenting, i just realized some missing parts on our presentation so i told Clark bout it then we told the leader, Dela Cruz. So we told em then we fix. While im revising some of the parts being added, i feel like someone's staring at me. At 1 o'clock (im looking at 11 o'clock), just 30 - 50 cm away, female {its the fcking leader} i think just at the phone coz im editing shyt and stuff for the presentation script. I think its just me coz Clark didnt told me abt that. On the other hand, She told me to join the mfs who were gonna present. I told her to pass it to Almera [midlle name] but at first, she just smiled. after the 2nd time i asked, they eventually agreed.

(idk wtfs goin on in her mind {crazy or smth? not that "crazy" as mental lol}. Clark's the one who pointed out the she just smiled when i asked. He's also gonna present tho and it seems unfair that others that doesn't do much wont present)

but there's other ones so they turned out to be the one to present my part (that i wasn't supposed to have, fck that i fixed the layout ninhja LoL).

Im fcking nervous for those mfs but it turned out to be good.


Additionally, we just joined something in math lol. Trainings in the summer break, ig.

i think this is it for April 4, пока!