Sup, man. April 5, 2025 (Saturday)

After things happened yesterday, i cant really come up with an answer about what the things happen in Thurs and Fri all about. Im just scrolling on TikTok an dcome up with repost from Eloi abt pres.

it says " pov: you are staring at your graduating crush, and this song starts playing in your head, knowing damn well you won't see then next s.y. " (the song is Burnout by Sugarfree)

Out of pure muscle memory, i instinctively replied: "things are gonna end din naman eh. kaya do it now and do it right so you dont have regrets." 

he replied with a 😂 emoji. I then said "if it checks out and things go right, edi nice" and followed up by "btw, here ka diba mag shs?"

he aint. i then said "where? liwag or susunod ka sa kanya?"

"Tangina susunod sakanya hahahahhah", eloi replied. San Isidro, apparently.

(for context, she gonna go to DPC [atleast what i know. idk if she's really gonna go, knowing that DPC isnt in the pilot testing schools of the new SHS curriculum])

"Marami Ako nalalaman sa sta Cruz ayoko na." his own words. curiousity got the best of me and then asked "like [what]?" and oh fcking man. curiosity beated me up. 

"Kaibigan ko nagkakagusto sa crush ko" "Parang ganon" ninja what?? who you talkin bout?? me? nah, im not the only friend of yours. I got no words for a while and let the air cool down. I changed the topic into something not so far but will surely drift away from that thing.

"You aint planning on doing it?" "You know, put closure to things?" i said

he said yeah. he dont plan on ding anything and just let it drift away from his mind — forcefully trying to throw the way memory into the far edge of his brain.

my exact words when i ask if he's just going to give it up: "like you two aren't gonna see each other that often na so you are away from embarrassment of having to look 'em straight whenever you need to talk at school or something. why not do it? ano yon? you're just forgetting things???"

[[[[ I thing magta-taglish na ko HAHAHHA ]]]]

i warned him that its gonna be hard tho. he said kailangan daw coz walang chance. the devil i am then asked pano nya nasabi. ayon. out of answers. good thing for me coz if he rlly got something, ako yung walang masasabi.

i told him ako na bahala mag confess HAHAHA. "Hirap sagotin" "Hahahahahah", he said.

After that, we ended the topic becoz quote-unquote, "Masyado na masakit" - eloi



i think thats much na kaso meron pa eh — si eljo. nakita kase yung notes ko na "just do it @Eloi"

i got no choice but to talk. this entry is hella fcking long so im just gonna upload the ss of the convo. well, we unsent some things but i think you'll eventually figure stuff out.

for the file, please refer to the /docs folder (you'll see the pdf) or the /archives folder (contains raw images, encrypted with pin). file named as "Apr5-25.pdf"


Okkkkk. Yan na yon for April 5, ig Lol. This is jay [jayxdcode], now ending this entry. ggs mf.